this is one of the movers that moved me
this week on marketplace the Wild Bunch
straight-up they lied our chase car has
them in sight
shady movers are riding roughshod I
should I stop downloading holding your
stuff for ransom I was at their mercy
Oh Rico bashing your things grabbing
your cash I got robbed right and broad
daily we're tracking them on hidden
camera why do you do it we have to stop
you have to stop this we are staging a
home yeah that'll work but this ain't no
Extreme Makeover show these guys helping
us set up this house with our props we
got cameras up we're gonna put more
cameras up
we borrowed some furniture to set up
this house in East and Toronto I'm gonna
have some other people come in and see
what happens a maverick company is on
the way
and we're gonna put him to the test
bandit movers are acting like it's the
Wild West
staging holdups across the land with no
sheriff to run him out of town innocent
folks are easy pickings I got robbed
right and brought daily the worst thing
is I called them and had them come to my
house and Robin Shaun royal had a
dust-up with his movers when moving into
his first home now he wants to help you
dodged the bullet I don't want to get
hit with any hidden charges you know
I've got I've heard stories and he's
like no that's everything and I'm like
okay fantastic
I feel like I've been wronged that's how
Leah Solomon felt when she moved her
business they said no hidden fees and
there was a lot of hidden fees both got
the same deal an hourly rate plus travel
time turns out the movers were bluffing
straight-up they lied it's a stick-up
and Mia and Shawn end up paying way more
than they ever expected stop you know
ambushing people with with extra charges
it was a nightmare an absolute nightmare
the outfit behind this nightmare husky
movers that's who we're hiring they're
based in Toronto Megan who works for us
hooks our move and gets this deal okay
and does that include everything
okay we're in the game you've got a deal
is there a trick up their sleeves to
find out we bring in a wise old hand a
gently do it
Jim carnies company has been in the
business for a century welcome to the
garage or as I like to call it Mission
Control
he's also with the Canadian Association
of movers come over your seat thank you
he's fed up with the likes of companies
such as husky movers there are
fly-by-night errs out there we're about
to find out how husky movers ambush
their customers testing yeah can you
hear me loud and clear great we wire up
Megan our marketplace homeowner she'll
were a camera that looks like a button
on her shirt John our hidden camera
specialist will be the friend our
cameras are rolling
it's 11 o'clock you're supposed to be
here now tom they're coming as the van
pulls up it's clear this is not your
typical moving company okay there's your
white van yep
with graffiti on the side right no husky
movers logos or husky movers uniforms -
coming to the front door meg and they're
here hi I'm Megan
oh I'm town Stan hi let's go
Jessica uh hello our marketplace
homeowner explains what needs to go
the pictures are staying everything on
the wall stays there's more stuff
upstairs and some awkward pieces and
then there's a bedroom so we think
they're ready to start the move and I
have an issue when suddenly Sam pulls
out a new deal and you won't believe
what he hits us with see what happens
here it could be one thing John for
those kids
oh that's a surprise didn't mention
anything charge for the stairs is that
normal to charge for stairs
absolutely not they're getting paid by
the hour every home has stairs no
kidding
Shawn's floored - absolutely bogus man
I've never heard of a stair charge
despite protesting they put it on his
bill absolutely ridiculous back at our
move another surprise get a load of this
one and any item will uh a 100 pounds
would be charged the item over 100
pounds will be charged which again is a
complete ripoff they didn't mention any
of this stuff on the phone they didn't
mention it to Mia either when she called
to book her move and husking over said
no they don't charge
but they charged it alright our contract
now has charges we weren't told about
and we're stuck with them I just have to
have sign this this is one of the movers
that moved me recognize him that's Sam
one of our movers pine nut on tract
under duress um I felt there was a gun
to my head
refusing to sign means trying to find
another mover and fast almost impossible
I'm moving day he's asking to sign a
contract now looks like that normal no
she's seeing this contract for the first
time they're asking her to sign it she's
only seen it for like 20 seconds like
most people on moving day we sign okay
we're starting to move now
guess again you've got everything I need
any budget of $250 oh really
there's anything about that either $250
deposit we would never do that on move
day we asked for a 10% deposit but
that's well in advance of the move
taking place jim says there's no
rulebook in the moving business of what
Huskies doing he says should be outlawed
no choice we hand over the deposit and
they haven't even touched a piece of
furniture yet right
when they finally do here comes the
mattress with no plastic bags to protect
it somehow they're just gonna put it in
the truck you know so it's going to get
soiled just how careless are they a
lotion boy you get the drawers coming
well the dresser now they have to get
that dresser into the truck no ramp no
ramp oh boy oh how come shooters suck
now every proper moving truck should
have a ramp
not much TLC for the armoire either oh
my god well I will ago this was a $5,000
antique
if I were the customer right now I'd be
oh geez look at this having a cardiac
it's not even our furniture and I'm
worried
Mia's heart sure skipped a beat no I
just feel scammed
when Huskie was done she estimates 3,000
bucks worth of her stuff was damaged
how's it looking a lot of heavy stuff so
a lot of heavy stuff what does that tell
you hi
they're just padding the bill that's all
that they're doing back at our house
Huskies Bill is about to do more damage
remember they're charging for stairs but
not just here at the new place too oh I
don't know how would I know that why
can't he just count them up when he gets
there our expert thinks he knows why
it's the old we've got all your stuff
now pay us all your money trick you
watch that but should they'll hit her
with it at that point and hold her goods
for ransom that's what I see transpiring
here right now
holder goods for ransom really meaning
what they meaning they will not unload
them until they get paid what they're
demanding sounds outrageous right well
it happened to me it my stuff would not
get off the truck if I didn't pay I felt
that my my things my belongings that I
paid for it was held hostage in Shawn's
case they would release it outside it's
like putting a gun to my head
husky movers they they were armed and I
was unarmed I was at their mercy
now we are to Sam's armed with the bill
okay here we go sorry it's $200 for
heavy items on Google that's $80 for
stairs
the total is five hundred and seventy
dollars and sixty-five cents Wow
five hundred and seventy bucks based on
their quote Jim says that's more than
double what we should be paying and I
don't think this is fair this isn't what
I was told at all I don't know why don't
you follow the company very plain
so Megan calls and now I've just got
this Bell for almost six hundred dollars
with extra charges for stairs and heavy
items and I wasn't told about any of
this if you say so
some break and as Jim suspected we've
got to pay now so it should be full
unloading so I have to pay the balance
before unloading and if we don't pay for
stairs and heavy stuff yoga alone
another this beef if I don't pay all
these charges you're just gonna unload
my stuff here yeah
like back in the house no okay to have
the audacity to even say that you're
going to unload someone's goods on their
lawn is just incredulous time for step
two in our plan Meghan says they'll get
their money at the new place the stress
that I would be going through right now
if I were the customer unbelievable okay
they're leaving wait till you see the
surprise we have for them okay should I
start downloading if you want to loan
the furniture on the street you go right
ahead when we come back and later why
our vets investigation left many of you
barking mad shady moving companies are
emptying the pockets of Canadians across
the country okay they're leaving so now
we're tailing one sketchy outfit our
chase car has them in sight that's
stiffed us and many people with hidden
charges behind them okay even threatened
to dump our furniture if we don't pay
those fees husky movers have been
getting away with this stuff but not
today
so we're gonna have it out with them
what will they do when we turn the
tables and refuse to pay those extra
charges they've insisted on not
unloading the furniture until they're
paid we're not going to pay the thing
we're at our new place there's the truck
time to lay out the plan to Megan our
undercover customer the sidewalk in
front of the house is where you need to
do this okay will there be a showdown on
the street at a certain point we'll come
out with cameras rolling Megan takes a
stand I'm not going to pay any more
money for these extra charges that I
didn't agree to you should have told me
earlier Lee it's a standoff Sam's
refusing to unload our stuff
he gets headquarters back of the line
but Husky isn't moving on the bill I
don't want to pay these charges time for
me to make my move
remember we've already paid them 250
bucks we just don't want to pay for the
charges they never told us about on the
phone but as they've done to so many
Husky puts the gun to our head that's
right they'll bring our furniture back
to the first house and unload it how do
they put it back in the house
my name is Tom Harrington and I worked
for marketplace at CBC okay and we know
what you guys are up to and what your
company has been up to how can you go
into a house on moving day to do this to
anybody I don't know if you want to call
the company let's put him on speaker
what kind of operation is this that
you're running this isn't a proper
moving company what was explained to the
foot on the phone the contract over the
phone was $45 an hour plus an hour for
travel time everything else is included
that's what was said on the phone that's
what she agreed to these fellows come in
and her a contract which she has 30
seconds to read and can't see everything
in the first place then they start
saying oh we're going to add for things
like stairs
yep hung up but the mystery man on the
phone is calling the shots they should I
start downloading if you want to load
the furniture on the street you go right
ahead if that's where you think if
that's what you think you should do is
that what he said to do Ethan he will
take the legal actions against him so
he's gonna sue her
maybe we should sue
this customer did and I won and I feel
good just like us
charaluta t Bakula got stuck with hidden
charges this is outrageous
I was not expecting these charges the
judge agreed saying that sneaking them
into a last-minute contract was not fair
Carroll sued City Hawks movers and
storage guess what
sane people behind husky movers sam says
he's just following orders even if it
means dumping the stuff right in front
of our new place he could be dining
under the stars tonight at this point if
all the dining furniture ends up there
they've made good on this threat so
that's it you're gonna leave it on the
lawn
yeah as for seeing them in court not
worth our time so we pay the entire bill
we'll keep the receipt if we want them
to move our stuff inside that'll cost
extra enough hang anymore they get the
heck out of Dodge but not so fast
the showdowns not over we say in four up
ahead yep we follow their truck because
it's our best lead to the boss we end up
on the outskirts of town so there's two
big husky mover trucks and discover a
Corral of battered trucks our movers
leave but we notice the Husky brand we
check back in another day
they like that Ursa husky movers truck
right there and the Husky name on that
truck is painted over wonder what else
they're covering up time to round up
some answers why do you do speed we have
to stop you have to stop this
and later our marketplace investigation
into vet bills continues we're
investigating a shady moving company
that's more like a moving target
husky movers hit us with hidden charges
and dumped our furniture we call the
owner
Harpreet Singh he says they are upfront
about the charges but declines to come
on camera saying he's in California
we're not giving up though we're staking
out another moving day no trucks today
they must be very busy
we hope the trucks will return because
when they do there our plan is to
deliver our own charges to husky movers
for misleading the public with hidden
charges threatening to hold furniture
hostage and unprofessional service
we're waiting for another showdown but
it's almost sundown will they be a
no-show they are back holy and there's a
fancy black sedan we've done our
homework it's a company car is the owner
inside
hey I doing I'm Tom Harrington from
market flakes and I'm your with husky
movers no you sure you are what are you
doing in this parking lot just see it in
the chicken you yeah sure no no you're
with husky movers what's your name
what's your name why he won't give us
his name but we give him our charges
here's here's I'm gonna give you this is
our hey this is our bill these are our
charges this is for misleading people
missing the public lot with hidden
charges
what are you sure to read this because
this is what you do to Canadians men no
no no there it is it off your cameras no
answer the question why do you do is to
be we have to stop you have to stop this
I'll just put this in your windshield he
can run but he can't hide later sources
tell us that was Harpreet Singh the
owner of husky movers we leave another
copy of our bill behind to make sure he
gets the message but maybe he is already
since we started poking around husky
movers charges for stairs and heavy
items are posted on their website but
remember in the Wild West of the moving
business it can be a treacherous road to
dodge your own moving day nightmare
here's our Survival Guide watch out for
low prices you can be hit with hidden
charges later demand a written estimate
and a copy of the contract before you
move get proof they've done insurance to
protect you and your stuff deposits are
usually paid before moving day and do
your homework check out reviews online
we're back digging into our
investigation into what you pay at the
vet
last week marketplace brought in
Marshall a real watchdog to reveal five
ways you may be paying too much at the
vet
by the end Marshall racked up a bill of
over $500 in questionable charges and
boy did we hear from you in one of our
strongest reactions ever people
coast-to-coast told us they could relate
to being overcharged and our barking mad
can't believe the level of discrepancy
between pet beds the government must
step in and regulate this industry as a
veterinarian I found that your program
just scratched the surface veterinary
medicine today is primarily about making
money
we sure heard from a lot of vets who
disagreed vets didn't go to school for
that many years to ripoff clients are
owners aware of how often vets actually
/ costs down to bare minimums and
provide services free of charge
and our investigation continues across
the country you pitched in and shared
your own vet bills - and what do they
reveal a range of prices for similar
procedures across Canada for a wellness
exam you're paying between $50 and 81
when it comes to dental cleaning for
cats prices ranged from three hundred
and forty dollars for Scout to six
hundred and fifty-four for dusty as for
x-rays
Dexter's owners spend a hundred and
forty three bucks while deja Vu's x-rays
cost two hundred and fifty seven at the
Canadian Veterinary Medical Association
here's what President Jim Berry had to
say there's a lot of different factors
that roll into cost so everything from
cost of living where you live if you
have factors like what equipment is is
being used so the different procedures
that are being asked for in clients
right now basically really expect and
rightly so I think have very high
quality medicine even so when it comes
to saving money at the vet it might pay
to shop around and you can check out our
cross-country comparison anytime online
next week on marketplace oh there's that
smell again
we're back checking in again
casting hotels promises Wow that doesn't
look good does it oh okay
with your help so we're really really
clean I couldn't believe my eyes
how dirty hotels cleaned up their act
could this be the same stain as last
year it's possible how much better the
bath man looks clean or worse
why hasn't anyone got the message you
have to clean the sheets can things get
you